SC Call.origin and Call.caller cleanup and tests (#2726)
aeternity/aeternity: docs/release-notes/RELEASE-NOTES-4.2.1.md

It includes the following changes:
* Change to a generic error message for the inner transaction of a GAMetaTX.
* Long overdue bump of info-field in key block header from pre-fortuna value.

> * Improves State Channels tests to cover `Call.origin` and `Call.caller`

Reviewer: Shouldn't this line summarize the changes instead of referencing tests?

Reviewer 2: I agree

> * Improves State Channels tests to cover `Call.origin` and `Call.caller`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Fix incorrect setting of `Call.origin` and `Call.caller` in contract calls from state channels
```

Reviewer 2: off-chain contract calls?
